Hover over each rectangle which indicates the action which is carried out. 
Information about the node will be displayed with its time taken. 
The step which takes the longest will be indicated in red text. 

Here are some info about each action.

Aggregate : An aggregate function computes a single result from multiple input rows.

Append : Results of the scan are appended.

CTE Scan : A "CTE scan" is a sequential scan of the materialized results of a Common Table Expression (CTE) term.

Unique : Each row is scanned from the sorted data, and duplicate elements (from the preceeding row) are eliminated.

Function Scan : A particular function is executed and the resulting set of tuples is returned.

Group : The result from the previous operation is grouped together using the group key.

Hash : The hash function creates an in-memory hash with the tuples from the source.

Hash Join : The hash join loads the candidate records from one side of the join into a hash table (marked with Hash in the plan) which is then probed for each record from the other side of the join.

Index Scan : The Index Scan performs a B-tree traversal, walks through the leaf nodes to find all matching entries, and fetches the corresponding table data.

Index Only Scan : The Index Only Scan performs a B-tree traversal and walks through the leaf nodes to find all matching entries.

Limit : Aborts the underlying operations when the desired number of rows has been fetched.

Materialize : Holding the results in memory enables efficient accessing.

Merge Join : The merge join combines two sorted lists like a zipper. Both sides of the join must be presorted.

Nested Loop : Joins two tables by fetching the result from one table and querying the other table for each row from the first.

Seq Scan : The Seq Scan operation scans the entire relation (table) as stored on disk.
 
Sort : Sorts the set on the columns mentioned in Sort Key.

Subquery Scan: A subquery scan is performed on the result from the previous operation.

Values Scan: A scan through the given values from the query is performed.


